# Data-Visualization

Tweets from Space - [Link to interactive project](https://openprocessing.org/sketch/1150218)

This project Tweets from Space is a data visualization artwork generated as a 3D rotating globe that represents 834 random tweets with “#fun” from all over the world using API. My mode of practice includes digital generative artwork and data visualization. I downloaded the tweets with #fun using the Twitter API service and mapped them onto the globe. Each tweet has a pin that indicates its place on the map. These pins placed on the 3D globe enable the user to hover over it and read the tweet that is displayed above the globe. The project gives the user full authority and has features like zoom in, zoom out, and rotation that make the interactive experience more meaningful.
Processing was used to create this work and it was then hosted online on the website called OpenProcessing. My chosen medium is appropriate since I will be able to create a New Media project using Processing. Processing is free and provides a friendly sketchbook environment to build new media art and visual design using code. This perfectly lines up with my interest in new media art and satisfies the criteria for this project. After my project was ready and working, I decided to host it on the website. OpenProcessing gives me an advantage by letting the audience access the project from any part of the world by visiting the website URL on their device. It allows the user to look at information, run the project and see the code that was used to create this. This is a strong aspect of my work that will help the audience gain a deeper understanding and have a smooth interactive experience without any technical errors.
